#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiofiles==23.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==3.7.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   asyncpg
    #   langchain
    #   redis
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via -r requirements.in
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.8.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.104.1
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.108.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.23.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.31.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.25.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.1.20
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-community==0.0.38
    # via langchain
langchain-core==0.1.53
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
langchain-text-splitters==0.0.2
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.0.26
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.1.147
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
numpy==1.24.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
openai==1.107.1
    # via -r requirements.in
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
redis==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   requests-toolbelt
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.27.0
    # via fastapi
tenacity==8.5.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.24.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
